[Ready to review/merge] Update credit.md with information on ORCID (#866)
alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way: book/content/credit/credit.md

[JORS]: https://openresearchsoftware.metajnl.com/
[JOSS]: https://joss.theoj.org/

## Making sure YOU get cited by using ORCID to increase your visibility

### What is ORCID?
- ORCID is short for ‘Open Researcher and Contributor iD'

> - ORCID is a long lasting unique identifier for you as a person, comparible to the personal identification number that your government issues to you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ORCID is a long lasting unique identifier for you as a researcher, comparable to a personal identification number that your government may issue to you.
```

> You can watch this short video instead https://vimeo.com/97150912

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can watch this short video for more information https://vimeo.com/97150912
```

### Why should you get an ORCID?

> - to distinguish yourself from others with the same or a similar name;

Author: ```suggestion
- To distinguish yourself from others with the same or a similar name;
```

> - to enable others to find all your outputs/related outputs so they can use and cite them

Author: ```suggestion
- To enable others to find all your outputs/related outputs so they can use and cite them
```

> - have all your outputs related to you, no matter if you change your name or your instute: your outputs stay attached to you! This way, you only have to enter the information once.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- All your outputs will remain linked to your unique identifier even if you change your name or your institute. This way, you only have to enter the information once.
```

> - have all your outputs related to you, no matter if you change your name or your instute: your outputs stay attached to you! This way, you only have to enter the information once.

Author: ```suggestion
- Have all your outputs related to you, no matter if you change your name or your instute: your outputs stay attached to you! This way, you only have to enter the information once.
```

> - to access or sign up to services, e.g. publisher requirements, funding management portals (ResearchFish), the CRIS (current research information system) system at your institute, the Zenodo repository, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- to access or sign up to services that utilise ORCID, e.g. publisher requirements, funding management portals (ResearchFish), the CRIS (current research information system) system at your institute, the Zenodo repository, etc.
```

> - to access or sign up to services, e.g. publisher requirements, funding management portals (ResearchFish), the CRIS (current research information system) system at your institute, the Zenodo repository, etc.

Author: ```suggestion
- To access or sign up to services, e.g. publisher requirements, funding management portals (ResearchFish), the CRIS (current research information system) system at your institute, the Zenodo repository, etc.
```

> - you can add your ORCID to your CV so that anyone can have a look at all your research outputs. 

Reviewer: Could you just capitalise the first letter in each line for consistency? :)

> - you can add your ORCID to your CV so that anyone can have a look at all your research outputs. 

Reviewer: Just for international audiences! :)
```suggestion
- you can add your ORCID to your CV/resume so that anyone can have a look at all your research outputs. 
```

> - you can add your ORCID to your CV so that anyone can have a look at all your research outputs. 

Author: ```suggestion
- You can add your ORCID to your CV so that anyone can have a look at all your research outputs. 
```
